Hello Father!

In here you will find information about the app including functionality information, limitations, and other things that I think you should know.

---Hedgeye Page Information---
Hedgeye typically comes out with new daily data at around 8 AM EDT or 7 AM CT time. So to get new information just run the app or press `Reload Data` after 7 AM CT.
    `Reload Data` (button): 
When pressed, this button will check if the data for the Hedgeye, NASDAQ, and NYSE pages are up-to-date. If not, it will make a web request to get updated data. After it successfully gets the new data, the all pages will reload automatically with up-to-date information. During the web requests you will see a progress bar to show you the app is still thinking.

    `Goto ****` (buttons): 
When pressed, these buttons will take you to that respective page. Just like switching spreadsheets on Excel.

    Dates (dropdown menu): 
This dropdown menu will show you all availible data by date. Data collection started January 1, 2023.

    Tickers (dropdown menu): 
Given the date that you are on, the dropdown menu will show what tickers Hedgeye was tracking that day. Hedgeye adds and removes tickers from time to time so just that a ticker is not there the next day does not mean anything is broken.

    Grid Sectioning (segmented button): 
This series of buttons will show the y-axis grid lines. You can choose to not show the y-axis grid lines or show them every: month, 3 months, 6 months, or 1 year.

    `Settings` (button): 
In this settings popup, you can change your username and/or password for the Hedgeye website. If you change your username/password on the website itself, make sure to change the username/password on the app so that way it can properly log-in before getting new data.

    Notes about the graph:
This graph is interactive, meaning you can reset original view (home), move back to previous view (back arrow), move forward to next view (forward arrow), pan around (cross), zoom to rectangles (magnifying glass), configure graph sizing (sliders), and save the current view (save icon). Clicking the home button will undo any changes made to the graph. If you made any change to the graph, clicking the back arrow will show you the previous view. If you moved back a view using the back arrow, clicking the forwards arrow will show you the view you were on. Clicking the pan button allows you to click and drag around graph. This is useful if you are zoomed in on a particular spot. To zoom, click the zoom button and draw a rectangle around the area you want to zoom by clicking, holding, and dragging using your mouse. Clicking the save button will show you a popup of where you want to save that current graph view. 

    Notes about the table:
This table is interactive, meaning it is clickable and scrollable.


---NASDAQ and NYSE Page Information---
These two pages are identical but have their respective information on them. The top of the app will tell you what page you are currently on.

    `Reload Data` (button): 
When pressed, this button will check if the data for the Hedgeye, NASDAQ, and NYSE pages are up-to-date. If not, it will make a web request to get updated data. After it successfully gets the new data, the all pages will reload automatically with up-to-date information. During the web requests you will see a progress bar to show you the app is still thinking.

    `Goto ****` (buttons): 
When pressed, these buttons will take you to that respective page. Just like switching spreadsheets on Excel.

    Dates (dropdown menu): 
This dropdown menu will show you all availible data by date. Data collection started November 13, 2019 for NASDAQ and August 5, 2019 for NYSE.

    `**** Alerts` (button):
This button will either be activate or deactivated given if any of the 6 thresholds break. Each time you choose a new date to look at, the page checks the thresholds for that date. If any threshold breaks, the button will say "New Alerts", the border will be red, and the button itself is now clickable. If you click it, it will show you what threshold broke. If no threshold broke, then the button is diabled and say "No Alerts".
Thresholds that the page checks in the background: 
If that particular days...
10-Day Breakaway Momentum > 1.97
20-Day Breakaway Momentum > 1.72
5-Day Advance/Decline Thrust < 19.05%
5-Day Advance/Decline Thrust > 73.66%
5-Day Up/Down Volume Thrust < 16.41%
5-Day Up/Down Volume Thrust > 77.88%

    Notes about the table:
This table is interactive, meaning it is clickable and scrollable.